Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on From...
Abby. stop! No!
Still seeing things that aren't there?
No. No. just the one time.
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
I've been here before.
Many. many times.
I was Victor's mother.
Last time. you brought a boy and a girl.
and everyone died. but not the boy.
You're here with a boy and a girl again.
and the Man in Yellow is back.
- Mom. what does that mean?
- No. it's fine.
- You have to be prepared. Ethan.
- Hey. Victor.
- You have to know what's coming.
- No. Victor. You need to stop!
What's wrong with you?
That thing I carried inside me.
I still feel it. like we're connected.
Part of me feels what he feels.
No.
No!
You wanna go down in those tunnels.
where those things live
because you think
the bones of those children
are buried down there?
Yes! What if the bones
are what anchor the spirits
of those children here?
Tell me what the right version
of this plan looks like.
I'm not entirely sure yet.
Here's to the resiliency
of the human spirit.
Let's be resilient together.
Have you ever wondered if
maybe this is all just a dream?
He's back.
Blink twice if you can hear me.
Dad.
- V...
- Dad. stay with me.
Henry!
Hey.
It's time to play.
I know you're still inside!
What the fuck just happened?!
We're sure he's actually
dead this time. right?
He was dead before.
Anybody hurt?
Steve got pretty banged up.
It would've been a lot worse
if it wasn't for Elgin.
Elgin?
He's the one who stabbed it...
I mean. him.
Stop telling me to calm down!
We're not fucking safe!
Hey. will you just take it outside?
Hey. Donna. you should be in bed.
No. no. no. no.
I'm fine. This is more important.
People are just starting
to realize that talismans
won't protect them against everything.
We'll manage. Just... you figure out
how to get the bones without
getting half the town killed.
Did the totem work?
Sorry?
The totems from the settlement.
You said that you were gonna see
if they could hurt the monsters
that come out at night.
Did it work?
No.
That's too bad.
Yeah.
Dad?
Can you come upstairs for a second?
- Excuse me.
- And.
Donna. you should probably
come too. if you're up for it.
What do we do with the body?
Burn it.
Okay. so. you're saying...
that you saw Kenny in trouble.
Look. I didn't just see him. Boyd.
It's like I was there.
I was seeing through his eyes.
Through... And you think
that you're the reason
that thing didn't kill Kenny.
I don't think. Boyd; I know I was.
And there's more.
Show 'em.
Show us what?
After I connected with that thing. I felt...
I don't know how to describe it.
I felt something go...
cold inside me.
Okay.
Wh...?
This morning I saw this.
Ethan?
Whatcha doing?
Drawing.
Victor always said that
the pictures remember.
So. when everyone dies
and I'm here by myself.
I don't want to forget anyone.
I know.
What Victor said yesterday.
he was upset.
I know.
What happened to him was awful.
but that doesn't mean
that's gonna happen to you.
He said I needed to be prepared.
so I'm getting prepared.
Okay. Come on.
I'll meet you guys down there.
And. hey. we're gonna figure this out.
I know.
Okay.
What... What am I looking at here?
It's... It's a model of the tunnels.
I understand that. But why is having
a model better than drawing a map?
I put a lot of work into this.
It's not a fucking science fair. Jade!
For fuck's sake!
All right. you know what?
This model incorporates everything.
everything we know about the tunnels.
everything I got from
being down there myself.
everything Victor
and Tabitha could give me.
The path you took. right?
From the root cellar...
Okay.
Okay. well. given all that.
I got a few different scenarios
for how we can do this.
ranging on a sliding scale
of safety and complexity.
So. you wanna hear the simple
but super dangerous ones first.
or should I start with the safer.
but more complex and...
possibly impossible ones?
This is the chamber where
the bones are buried. right?
Correct.
And this tunnel.
this is the only way in
or out of that chamber?
Yes.
We don't have a plan.
Well. wait. wait. He hasn't even
had a chance...
Hey. when I was in the army.
we'd call something like this
a shooting gallery.
because once the enemy's inside.
we are fish in a fuckin' barrel.
Even if we can get past those
things without waking them up.
we get into the chamber.
we dig up the bones.
what happens when they
wake up while we're in there?
What happens when they block our
only exit out of that chamber?
You need to do better.
How?
I don't know. I'm not the genius.
Figure it out.
Sure. While I'm at it.
why don't I just build
a fucking hot air balloon
and fly us all out of here?
That'd be great.
Hey!
You didn't even listen
to what he had to say.
I didn't need to.
Kenny. you never go into a hostile space
without a secondary exit. period. Okay?
I got it. So. what do we do?
We already told people
that finding those bones
might be the key to
getting everyone home.
Maybe we go on a scouting mission.
Take one or two people
down into the tunnels.
see if there's a crack or a crevice
in that chamber
that we missed somehow.
'Kay. If there's not?
I don't know.
Listen. if we're gonna do this.
we have to do it right.
I'm not gonna lead people
down there. and I can't...
Boyd?
What's wrong?
What? Nothing. I...
I gotta go to the clinic.
I told Ellis I'd meet them up there.
Is Fatima okay?
I don't know.
Henry. You need something?
I...
What's going on over there?
Boyd wants to go through
everything in storage.
Well. what are they looking for?
Anything to do with that
yellow suit Victor found?
You okay?
I need something to do.
I've been...
Well. I've been drinking a bit lately.
I think it's starting to...
Anyway. I figured if
I could keep myself occupied...
I'm not too bad in a kitchen. if you...
How 'bout you give me
a hand with lunch?
I'd like that. Thank you.
Okay.
Don't worry. you'll get used to that.
Come on.
It does that sometimes.
That tape's been stuck in there for years.
"Blue" was Miranda's favorite song.
It never used to be like this. you know.
It was always scary.
but this...
I really hope Boyd's right
about getting those bones.
Me. too.
Who is it?
Open the door. Victor.
Tell him it's not true.
Which part?
The part about him being here alone.
Tell him it's not gonna happen.
I can't do that.
Victor. you don't understand.
It's not helping; It's scaring him.
Will you teach me?
What?
I want him to teach me how
to survive when I'm alone.
You're not going to be here alone. Ethan!
You don't know that.
What he said yesterday was true.
Miranda was here with him and Eloise.
Now. you're here with me and Julie.
So what? That doesn't mean anything!
It might.
It won't be as scary if I know what to do.
Please.
It's a good idea.
Okay. Fine.
Okay. yeah.
I'm not seeing any internal damage.
All due respect.
you didn't see the baby either.
Ellis!
No. he's right.
There's not much I can
tell you other than that.
physically. you're not in
any immediate danger.
So. what is it. then?
Well. I mean.
if we were anywhere but here.
I would say those are varicose veins
from abdominal distension.
but we're here. so...
we are well beyond a standard diagnosis.
Those things.
you said they used to be human.
When you did the autopsy.
you said all the organs
inside were human.
Is it possible that
I'm turning into one of them?
No.
No. that's...
That's not what's happening.
Tell her... tell her
that's not what's happening.
Can you make it stop?
Ellis. we don't even know what it is.
It might also not be a bad thing.
Excuse me?
Kenny is alive because of this;
she saved his life.
Maybe stopping it is not what
we should be focusing on.
Do you see her stomach?
Does... Does any of this look like a
good fucking thing to you?
What are you talking about?
For all we know. this could be
a temporary side effect. Right?
But what's not temporary
is the fact that someone
who would otherwise be dead is
walking around today
because of what this
allowed Fatima to do. okay?
Can you not see how
this might be helpful?
No! I can't see how it
could be fucking helpful!
- Hey!
- Okay. enough. everybody!
Let's just all take a breath.
Hey. Fatima. I wanna keep
you here for observation.
We can monitor your vitals
and keep an eye out
for any significant changes.
Why don't you go pack a few things.
enough for a few days.
and we'll take it from there. Okay?
Yeah. there's only one. one way to enter.
You don't know that; You've only
been down there once!
Yes. and the image of that chamber
is seared into my fucking brain!
There's one entrance. that's it!
There's no version of this
where we go spelunking
and realize. "hey.
there's a convenient exit
we didn't see before!"
For all we know. they buried
the bones in that chamber
for exactly that reason.
Okay. well. maybe we could have.
like... maybe we can find...
Kenny. Kenny. Kenny.
Listen to me. Look.
I say this with love. okay?
You being here right now. it's not helping.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the problem.
Kenny. stop!
Boyd listens to you. okay?
You have to make him realize
that this may not be the kind
of plan where everybody
who goes in comes out.
So. you want me to go back to
Boyd and tell him that he
just needs to accept the fact
that people are gonna die?
- Maybe.
- I'm not doing that.
Well. then. we're not
fucking going home!
There is a reason that no one
has ever gotten out of here.
and maybe that reason is no one
has ever been willing
to make the hard decisions before!
Let me guess. You're gonna
be one of the people
going down into the tunnels?
Making the hard decisions?
Yeah.
That's what I thought.
Fuck!
You motherfucker! Aah!
Hey.
What are you still doing out here?
I'm standing here
trying to work up the courage
to tell you the truth.
I...
I lied to you the other day.
You asked me if I was still
seeing things and I said no.
Okay.
It's happening more frequently...
seeing things.
hearing things.
I mean. I can't lead this...
I can't lead this place if
I can't trust my own fucking...
come on!
- Boyd? Hey! Look at me.
- I just...
These episodes that you're talking about.
are they connected at all to the tremors?
Like... like are they
happening at the same time?
I-I don't know. Sometimes. maybe.
I-I haven't really...
Boyd. what aren't you telling me?
It's all connected to Abby.
Things that I'm seeing. that I'm hearing.
The other day I went to her... her grave.
Her fucking hands came out
of the soil and grabbed me.
- Jesus.
- Look.
I know this place gets into
our heads. but this is...
this is different.
I keep hearing this gunshot.
You never forget the
sound of the shot that...
Hey...
Why is it happening now? Right?
I can't fall apart. not now.
not when we might be close
to something real. I just...
Okay. What do you want me to do?
Look. give me a pill.
I don't know.
Give me a Band-Aid. something.
I... any...
If what Jade says is
right about the bones. then.
I just need to keep it together
a little bit longer.
Please. just... just give me something
to help me hold it together
a little bit longer.
Boyd. I-I wanna help. I really do.
But. yeah. I don't think
there's anything that I can do.
Okay.
Hello?
Sheriff Boyd?
Are you here?
Where were you last night!?
I'm... I'm so sorry. I...
I heard about what Boyd was planning.
and I just got scared. and I was
already up by the Colony House...
If we're gonna live together.
I need to know where you are at night.
- You can't just...
- I'm sorry. I...
You've been so nice to me;
I really didn't mean to worry you.
I swear it won't happen again.
What's in the bag?
Nothing. It's just...
I'm really tired. okay?
Hey.
What's going on?
They're clothes. okay?
I just thought if I could find
a change of clothes.
then... then. I wouldn't feel so...
But then. I realized
that they're all dead people's clothes.
and none of them fit right. and I just...
I don't think I'm doing very well.
Hey.
It's okay.
It's all right.
You must think I'm so weak.
You're actually handling things
a lot better
than I did when I first got here.
Really?
And I...
know where there's
a great stash of clothes.
So. maybe you and I can go
try some on later together?
I'd really like that.
You're a good person. Sara.
I'm gonna be at the diner.
helping them sort through the
storage room. if you need me.
Okay.
That morning that I came out
of the root cellar. and...
when I saw that everyone had died.
that was the first time
I saw the Boy in White.
He told me there were three
things that I would need.
The first was food.
We didn't have all
the stuff that we do now.
like animals and milk and all that stuff.
So. he brought me here.
and this whole truck
was filled with canned peaches.
Was that all you had to eat?
Canned peaches?
Sometimes. I ate other things.
Plants... and bugs;
that was only if I had to.
Come.
I didn't have a can opener at first.
so I figured out how to open them
with this rock.
So. you should hold onto this.
Look.
Yeah.
Ethan. the worst parts
is when you get lonely.
Everything is scarier when you're lonely.
So. you have to pretend you're not alone.
That was the second thing
that the Boy in White told me.
And how do you do that?
It was hard at first. I had to...
I'd make friends with
things on the truck -
the walls and the floors and the boxes.
I gave them names
and I would talk to them.
But you won't have to do that. though.
because I thought of
something that's much better.
Okay?
Where are you going?
Just... Just stay here;
I'm gonna be right back.
Is this helping?
A little. I guess.
I realized that I missed my
mother and Eloise the most.
And so. I found these...
and I dressed them in their clothes.
And then. for a while.
it felt like that they
were back with me again.
Then. when I...
then when I talked to them.
I could imagine
what they would say back.
and then it didn't feel as lonely.
But we... We can change them
into your family.
This could be your... mom
and this could be Julie.
I know it's a little small. but...
but we could maybe
find something bigger.
I didn't find anything
for your dad. but I thought...
No. You need to stop it right now.
We could make a scarecrow.
You need to stop it right now. Victor!
What's wrong?
We're done.
We're not doing this anymore.
Stop.
Ethan. listen to me.
You're never going to be alone.
I will never. ever let that happen to you.
And I swear to you...
I'm gonna get you out of here.
That's what my mom thought. too.
Where do you want this?
Watches go over there.
Okay.
You really are pretty good at that.
Well. I... This is nice.
I really appreciate
you letting me help out.
Well. it's important to keep busy.
It certainly is.
Especially here.
Wha...
Dad? Dad!
Grandpa's awake again!
Okay. Get the doctor. quick!
Dad?
Hey. Dad. Stay with me. Dad.
Vi... Victor.
Yeah.
What... what's happening?
Hey. Dad. you're in a care facility.
Where... I am in a...
what? No. I was...
I was in the diner.
where I was chopping vegetables.
No. Dad. it wasn't real.
I need you to listen to me. okay?
And this might not
be easy for you to hear.
A long time ago.
Mom surprised you on your birthday.
She came home with two hits of acid.
Do you remember that?
Of course I remember.
Okay.
Well. there was a problem.
There was something
wrong with the drugs.
and you had a really bad reaction.
and it was like you just...
you weren't there anymore.
and you've been
in this facility ever since.
Who... Who was that boy?
That's... That's my son.
Sebastian. That's your grandson.
I... I have a grandson?
Yeah.
You're gonna stay with us. okay?
I just spoke to Eloise.
and she's getting on a plane.
and she's flying out to see you right now.
Eloise? She's alive?
Of course she's alive.
Do you know she's a school teacher?
A school t...
No. no. it can't be happening.
This... no. no. it can't be real.
Dad. Dad. you have to stay with me.
No. Dad. stay with me.
Please?
Here. Let me help you with that.
You okay?
I think...
I appreciate you letting me
help. but I think I need to go.
Hey. I'm gonna head back down to...
What are you doing?
I'm gonna stay with you at the clinic.
You don't have to do that.
Yeah. I know. I just...
don't want you to be alone.
That's not why you're coming.
I don't understand how could she say
that any of this could
possibly be a good thing.
What if it is?
- What? Are you serious?
- Ellis. I was so freaked out;
it didn't even occur to me.
I connected with that thing.
I controlled it.
If there is a way
I can figure out how to use that
to help us. why wouldn't I even try?
I understand how you feel.
but that is not...
No. you don't. I'm sorry.
With everything's that's happened.
you have no idea how it
feels to feel that powerless
in a place like this.
to feel like you're at the mercy
of these things that have
gotten inside your head.
gotten inside my body!
That thing was inside me.
Can you honestly stand there
and tell me you know how that feels?
No.
And now. I may finally
have a way that I can take back control.
that I can fight back.
something that could
actually help us go home!
And you want me to ignore that?
No. I want you to acknowledge
what this thing
might actually fucking do to you!
I don't care what it does to me!
I fucking care!
If I lose you...
there is no... home
for me to go to anymore.
Ellis...
Shit.
I understand that you wanna help.
and I want you to feel like
you have control again.
but it's...
This shit is scaring the hell outta me.
Look. the truth is.
what you're afraid of...
it may already be happening.
And if... if it is.
then I need to be able to
take what good I can from that.
Yeah.
Hey.
Can I talk to you?
Of course.
What was that back there?
What you said to Fatima
was way outta line.
What... are you kidding me?
We have no idea
what's happening to her.
She's terrified.
That was not the time or
place to go off like that.
Not the time or place? Kristi.
she saved someone's life.
Why am I the only person
who sees the value in that?
I'm not saying there's no value to it.
Then. what are you saying?
Jesus. there are things
that come out of the woods
at night to hunt us.
We need to be finding every
advantage we possibly can.
I'm sorry if my timing was inappropriate.
I'm saying that we need
to be careful. okay?
This place has a way of making you think
you're doing good things.
things that you think will help.
Yeah. it also has a way of
making you terrified to do anything.
Kristi. I want us to go home.
I want us to live the life
that we were supposed to have.
So. do I.
Then. what are we arguing about?
Look. I-I know we're all scared.
I'm fucking terrified.
But we have no idea what
is happening to Fatima.
and I'm not willing to risk her safety
so that I feel less afraid.
Kristi...
She is my patient. she's under my care;
if you have something to say
to her. you go through me.
Yeah. just. let me know
if you want me to change
any more sheets or anything.
"There's only one way in or out."
"That's a shooting gallery.
I was in the army."
Holy shit.
Boyd?
In here.
What's going on?
Someone was in here.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I'm sure. The yellow suit is gone.
What?
I got tired of staring
at the goddamn thing.
so I put it in here.
or... I thought I did.
Why would someone come in here
just to take the yellow suit?
I don't know. Kenny.
Maybe the guy it belonged to got tired
of walking around naked
in the woods. I don't know.
Do you think maybe Victor
or Henry might have taken it?
Boyd!
Boyd! Hey!
Did you take the suit?
- The what?
- The yellow suit.
it's gone.
Forget the suit! I got it! I fucking got it!
I know how we're getting in
and out of the cavern!
Okay.
- The Bottle Tree!
- What?
Just come! Come with me!
Hello?
Ethan. let's go.
We can't. We're not done yet.
Listen. Jade and Boyd
are working on a plan
right now to help us get home.
Come on.
But what if it doesn't?
Miranda thought she
would get everybody home.
but then everybody died.
How do you know the same thing
won't happen again?
Because...
things are different this time.
We know things now.
Jade and I...
we have memories that
Miranda didn't have.
She tried. Victor.
She tried so hard.
I know because I feel what she felt.
I know how much she loved you.
I know how badly she
wanted to take you home.
She just...
didn't have the answers she needed.
But I do.
I have them because of her.
She's the one that led me to the tower.
to your father.
She's the reason
why you get to go home.
What?
I don't think I came back
just to free the children.
I came back for you. Victor.
I'm gonna take you home.
So. we're gonna go to town now.
And we're not gonna
draw any more pictures
because neither of you are
ever going to be alone again.
I promise.
You see. the whole... the whole
time. I've been focusing on
the entrances and
exits that are there now.
But what I should
have been thinking about
was the exit that used to be there!
What are you talking about?
There was a fucking hole in the ceiling!
And there were these roots
that formed the symbol...
You remember the symbol.
Yeah.
Victor said...
Victor said those roots became a tree.
This tree.
Gentlemen. we are. at this moment.
standing right above the cavern
those bones are buried in.
You said we couldn't go into the
tunnels without a second exit.
so let's make one.
Wha...? You...
You wanna cut down the tree?
I wanna pull it out by the roots.
And before you say that's impossible.
there is a clearing about
a hundred yards from here;
the road isn't too far from that clearing.
We get the truck and
the van in there. we use...
we use every inch of chain we have.
we get some leverage from the
other trees. we do it right.
it'll be like pulling a stopper
out of a bottle.
Think about it.
We send one team down there
while those things are asleep.
they get to the chamber.
block the entrance.
they put a talisman up for good measure;
and while they dig for the bones.
there's another team
up here working on the tree.
By the time the bones are
dug up. the tree is out.
We lift everyone up to safety.
get back to town.
we're behind closed
doors by sunset. Easy peasy.
Boyd. that... that could work.
Boyd?
What happens...
when the first group is down there.
and the tree doesn't come out?
What happens if the chain breaks
or-or if we don't have enough leverage?
That's never gonna happen.
Wait. You know that for sure?
Because what
I wanna know is what's plan B
when the tree doesn't come out
and we have five or six people
barricaded in a death trap
with no place else to go?
Plan B?
Yeah.
You-You asked for a solution
to an impossible problem.
I am serving it to you
on a goddamn platter!
Now. you're asking for a plan B?
- That's right.
- All right. okay...
No! Let me make this as clear
as I can possibly can.
I am not sending people
down into those tunnels
with nothing but a hope and a prayer
that we pull the magic tree
out by its roots!
Landscaping is not a plan!
Landscaping. Fuck you!
Great! We're done here!
Hey. just... just give him some time.
"Landscaping".
Boyd?
Hey. over here!
Kenny!
Kenny! No!
Hey. No. no. no. no. Hey!
Don't... don't talk. okay?
Hold on. Buddy!
Kenny. Hey. look!
Look at me.
Kenny! Kenny!
Hey!
God damn it!
Abby?
Shit!
God!
What the fuck do you want from me?!
I don't know how much sense it makes
for me to be standing here right now.
You were always the spiritual one.
the smart one.
These things I'm... I'm seeing...
could they be real?
Did I really have it...
wrong this whole time?
Well. it seems like me getting
my brain fried on that acid
makes a whole lot
more sense than... than.
well... any of this.
Everything's so... nice... there.
in that place I've seen.
Victor. he...
he wears a shirt and tie.
And then. we... have... a grandson.
He... He has your eyes.
And Eloise...
you're not...
you're on a plane.
You're on a plane. and...
I don't know where it's coming from.
but I'm gonna ask the next time I...
Could I really be so lost?
All that time...
Or...
did I come all this way.
so that I could finally...
go home?
If that's true...
help me. Help me.
Please help me.
What?
Dad.
It's working.
Hey. Dad.
That was your song. remember?
Yeah. Lots of laughs.
Henry?
I need you to focus.
You're getting stronger.
You're coming back now more
than you have in a very long time.
But if you want to stay.
there's something you need to do.
Do you want to stay here. Henry?
Yes. Yes.
Yes. I do.
Good.
Then. you have to do exactly as I tell you.
Okay.
You see. the mind craves
what is familiar.
And you have lived
in this delusion for so long
that your mind believes that it's real.
Just telling yourself
that it's not won't be enough.
You have to forcibly disconnect
from whatever is anchoring you
to that version of reality.
How?
You have to eliminate the anchor.
What happened?
I lost service.
Henry? Henry.
What?
No!
No. please. come back.
What did you mean?
How do I forcibly disconnect?
What...
Miranda. please!
Help me go back!
Please?
Please!
What? Where am I?
Any... Any dizziness?
No.
Shortness of breath?
Light-headedness?
Not really.
Any pain?
Aside from the marks. I'm fine.
That cold sensation
you talked about before...
It's gone.
That thing you said earlier
about being maybe able to control this.
do you really think that's possible?
It's hard to say.
But you must have had some idea.
I think there's a couple of
things we could try. yeah.
Can I talk to you?
Out there.
Enough.
Okay? Enough. You heard her.
She wants to do this. She wants to try.
Are you really gonna tell her
that she can't use what's hap...
Her blood pressure is 53 over 33.
What?
Her heart rate is 19 beats per minute.
That's impossible.
I know. I checked twice.
I mean. medically speaking.
Fatima shouldn't even be alive right now.
Mom. is it okay
if we go up to Colony House
and check in on Donna?
I think she'd like that.
Go ahead. I'll meet you there.
Hello?
Mom? It's Thomas.
Aren't you gonna say anything?
What do you want?
Come to the RV.
or I'll hurt Julie and Ethan.
You know no version of Jade's plan
is ever gonna be
good enough for you. right?
Look. I'm not fucking talking to you.
Look...
No! God. no! Ya hear me?
I've had enough. all right?!
You got something to tell me.
then fucking tell me!
All right.
You need to get over it.
Excuse me?
You need to get over the fact
that you killed your wife.
You need to accept
that you did what you did
because it was the only choice you had.
and nothing you did that morning
could have saved her.
Just like you need to accept the fact that.
no matter how great your plan is.
you're probably gonna lose
people going into those tunnels.
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
You're not in peace time anymore. Boyd.
This isn't about keeping
everybody safe and sound.
I mean. you think this
place pushed back before?
No. Boyd. Look at me.
This is it.
This is where you make your stand.
And it's not about saving everyone;
it's about saving as many as you can.
When you shot Abby.
you saved Ellis.
You go down in those tunnels.
collect those bones. yeah.
you're probably gonna lose some people.
but you could save a whole lot more.
So. suck it up.
make a choice and live with it.
Hello?
Thanks for coming.
I wasn't sure you would.
You know who I am?
You haven't remembered that part yet.
You know...
your husband died
right where you're standing.
Jim was so brave.
I really liked him.
I kept one of his teeth. you know?
Did you bring me here to kill me?
Kill you?
Heaven's no.
We've been through
so much together. you and I.
You're as close to a friend as I ever had.
You and Jade.
you're doing so well this time.
I wouldn't dream of killing you.
Not yet.
- Then. why am I here?
- You're here
because you're about to do something
you've never done before.
We've played this game so many times...
but the notion of you
digging up those bones?
You may have finally found the key
to setting those children free.
to bringing your own children home.
Or...
you're about to unleash
a type of suffering you
can't even begin to imagine.
This was really nice.
I really have missed you.
I'll see you soon.
My God.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today